{OK, so in the norming study we
showed two types of pictures to
you, and you describe what you
see in those pictures. Um, so
the first type is complex
scenes.}
{Do I have to push? Got it. OK
OK, right. You're about the CS
complex scene. Imagine you're
describing the scene as someone
who cannot see the picture.
Describe what is happening and
what you see in detail. And
please try the take between
three and five minutes.}
{So this is the first one. Go
ahead and start talking about it
whenever you're ready.}
#START_picture_this Um, it looks
like a.
Some type of book.
Maybe some type of story?
I don't know what type of story,
though. It's colorful.
Square. I mean square.
Some type of message? I can't
really see it.
Might be a maze or something
like that or.
Hmm.
I wonder which is the I wonder.
I wonder what type of story it
is. What type of book is about?
It seemed like.
It's about different type of
culture or something like that.
Different. It seems like it's
different type of cultures from
different races and stuff like
that too.
Hmm.
Umm.
{What sort of things do you see
on there?}
Oh things I see. Uh, I see
people.
See people of different races on
there.
I see people.
Have I see like a
like, like cars.
Different type of shape of cars
and different colors of cars and
Buses, I see people.
Having like.
See people having adventures or
something like that or.
Or.
Going different places or
transportation.
doing type of type of like some
baseball actually some people
playing baseball or some sumo
wrestlers
Or.
Or I'll see people, I'll see
people's hands, or.
I see animals there.
Also see uh, you know.
Palm trees and guy standing by a
palm tree.
red and blue shirt.
See somebody walking with a.
Umbrella and a the suitcase and
stuff.
Yeah, two people are carrying a
lady
To to make a current of portrait
with a lady in it and a picture.
Yeah, I also see.
Guy land laying on the.
On on the barn.
Like like on some Poles or
something like that?
Hmm.
See somebody hitting somebody I
see at knight hitting another
knight with a jug of a jug of a
I mean a jug full of beer.
Hmm.
#END_picture_this Yeah.
{OK, what's about 3 minutes
and?}
{The way that you describe what
you see, naming the different
objects and people is what we're
looking for. So that was good.}
{And then going on, the second
type of picture that you will
see in the study are graphic
novels. There are a series of
pictures that tell a story. So
imagine again you're telling
this story to someone who cannot
see the pictures describe what
you see and what is happening as
you go through the story, and we
aim to.}
{Umm.
We're aiming for 10 to 15
minutes in this type of task.}
{And the first graphic novel
that you see? Um, it's about 3
pages.}
{And go ahead and start talking
about it when you're ready.}
#START_arrival-2 I can see that
this is a story of
Poor people on the boat coming
to America.
Leaving everything behind.
take care and everything under
that they that they have, what
they own whatever with their
kids.
And.
They brought their children,
they brought their children or
whatever belongings they have
and they have a.
And also there's a man like.
Writing everything down on his
adventure seemed like coming to
the new country or.
Let everybody else know or he's
just
Making
Or sending a message to
somebody.
Because he's tearing off the
pages while you're using this
pen.
he's folding that
with creases
I guess he's sending it off to
important person somewhere.
I guess he's.
Making sure that nobody seen him
and stuff like that.
And now he's like.
Seemed like he was like looking
around and stuff and looking at
the messages that he sent away.
Uh.
I guess, um.
A lot of people.
Will send it in like messages
and calligraphy or something
like that because he's on the
boat
Coming to the new World, maybe
the come back. Maybe he's
leaving his old country and
maybe it's just escaping
deppression or
Trying to start a new life for
this family or friends.
Seems like he's OK.
Alright, I see that.
That these peoples coming closer
to the.
I guess they're coming to the
new world on this
Boat
Or.
just getting closer to shore.
Or
They're coming to to all these
people on vacation. Coming to a
new land has got a lot of nice
Sculptures and
A lot of architect here. There's
a lot of.
So a lot of new culture for
these people, the.
To learn about.
the the statues greeting people
that's coming into the new land.
As well from people.
There's also also. There's also
a lot of.
Like airplanes in the sky, I
see.
at the sea
It looks like.
This book, that's.
The boat that they've been
coming on to the there's some
new foreign land.
Like, I don't know if it's
catching on fire or.
or not you know.
And the person that's in charge
is trying to get the.
The passengers off the boat as
fast and get safely as he can.
There's like a
A lot of the calligraphy notes
flying in the air at the same
time a lot of people panicking.
a guys got a blow horn trying to
get woman and children off the
boat.
Or whoever first.
They're trying to open their
balcony door. People's carrying
their luggage.
People look like they're at,
they're scared, they're nervous.
They seem like they're kind of
like racing down the steps and
stuff like that.
Trying to carry the the little
belongings that they have left
on them that they hold there.
Racing down the steps.
And the point or whatever.
They're holding their luggage
tightly.
Guess they're safety. I guess
they're, I guess most of them
made it to land.
With their luggage.
And their family does standing
around worried and confusing
what's going on. They probably
want to where they going to live
at? What's their next meal?
Probably going to support this
self in this.
this a new country.
#END_arrival-2 What was going
on?
{Alright, good. So that was this
part of the story.}
{So going forward there will be
another complex scene. Again,
describe what you see and what
is happening and take between
three and five minutes.}
#START_wild_west What I see is a
lot of color.
A lot a lot of words on the
different type of words and
guesses different. Lot of words
on the building for different
type of places.
Seems like there's one big
commotion going on.
I don't know if it started from
somewhere else or that's just a
different.
Type of establishments.
Places of businesses, lot of
people have different colors.
See
People having.
I see a hotel I see a saloon.
I've seen a jail.
pioneer saloon
Bank.
also
Also see one more saloon.
livery stable just a different
type of that. There's a train.
Stagecoach.
People have different type of
styles of haircuts.
Different type of styles of
clothing I guess going to work
or
hanging around.
Train has smoke on it.
The train is red, the
stagecoaches and red. They got
different type of luggage and
passengers on it.
I guess the ground is like kind
of like orange and golden
Golden yellow.
The bank is green, the pioneer
saloon got
Yellow
Words and the walls are blue.
there's Buffalo stamps there
cost $0.29. pictures of
Stagecoach while horse horse guy
picture of a Stagecoach.
horse is brown.
the letters on the jail is red
and big and bold.
Outside the jail is stone
masonry.
Waldo has a red and yellow hat,
a red and white hat with glasses
on.
There also is
A lot of people have like
different types of white
clothing.
One the saloon says, has
Random pink trimmings on there.
We also have the cowboy
Jumping through picture.
Little white hat and then
And the White Horse
A blue saddle.
Also somebody fixing a livery.
Livery stable. That's green.
climbing the staple to fix the
roof.
Stuff like that and also.
People walk around with
different.
Different colored shoes on.
Is the one pioneer saloon
Some Cowboys was on it painting
the saloon and
And on the other side of the
pioneer saloon a guy's robbing a
bank.
The money bags in their hand.
one of the
pioneer saloon has a ear on it
#END_wild_west with a pie top of
the ear.
{OK, so that was about 5
minutes. That was good.}
{And next we have two pages of
graphic novel.}
#START_arrival-3  see in the one
picture I see a boy holding some
type of sign.
guess he's been selling
newspapers on the street corner,
maybe at some time at different
times of the day.
selling to the working class
people or any type of people.
and black and white.
got a lot of them in his hands
he look young.
Also.
I see a lady, maybe that's in
black and white with a with a
cat, hold up in her arms
Well, she has scratch marks.
the cat has
long claws long tail.
A daughter or friend is facing
looking at her.
also see the.
Some type of.
Some type of? Some guy with some
type of
Contraption machinery or
with a with his pet
Looking like a reptile on top of
this cart, it's like maybe a
cart contraction with some tea.
Branding up stuff with different
type of for four wheels and
steam coming out of the engine.
Also there's
2 two men and women
Two men and women with two
gigantic eggs and different type
of
Different type of clothes on
with a square.
Binn
Wooden bin with a plant with
some hay inside of it.
Maybe either?
Hatching eggs or keeping eggs
warm?
Also see somebody getting there
getting that close shave from a
Barber with different type of
funny hats on and the Barber
chair.
With like.
With snails on the ground
But it's got multiple different
type of.
Legs crawling, they used to
crawl around with different
funny shells.
Young Boy has a funny hat.
There's like 4-5 shells.
And it's like.
A guy that's a street musician
plays in the street with a funny
type of instrument with a.
They had some big Longhorn.
And he has a friend that's
playing the violin and got funny
hats on and there's 4-5 birds.
And by brick wall.
Also see somebody sitting down
front or something.
See.
Five people, one man.
Three women
Watching some guys talk about
some type, some type of
maybe a book or newspaper. The
one lady is holding that a
rabbit.
Is it part of front of the man
and the woman while it's funny,
different type, different type
of languages on it.
also
I see.
a guy standing
With a hat on his hand, on his
chin.
Confuse. Well, well, luggage.
Confused with.
a suit on
I see a
A man
with a kid.
Walking past them and see a guy
with a bike or walking past with
his bike.
Going somewhere.
I see a guy. I see a man in a
suit kneeling over.
Reading a book.
Maybe trying to find his way
around. There's different
directions on the on the floor.
Maybe that maybe tell me where
to go.
The square luggage I also see.
He has a book with different
language in it.
the book is square that
different type.
Types of parts of the book
that's taped off.
Yes, right. So he won't get
lost. I mean, so he won't miss
this place.
While he's reading a book,
stranger come over and ask him
maybe if you need some help.
He looks confused.
the guy that asked him for help
has a funny hat on for some
reason. Some cloth.
He's probably asking them.
Do you know your way around here
or can you help me or be
familiar around this place?
he has his hand on his chin.
Thinking
Maybe I'm not sure if I know
this place.
Or.
he might think that he's talking
about something. That's where
the guys talking about. Maybe I
might know you can help me.
give me a picture of something.
So the guys looking over.
The guy has a pencil drawing out
stuff for the strangers that see
and understand what he's talking
about.
So he shows you my picture.
With other
Foreign language and a bed
Picture of a rectangle bed and
the one window.
below on the bed.
He says. I think I know what you
had know what you're talking
about.
that's what the stranger with
the funny hat says.
He says OK.
Come follow me.
Hey I have a friend to introduce
you to.
It's so funny weird animal that
being with me for a long time,
has 20 years.
pointy nose, he has claws and
sits in my funny backpack.
And it comes with it. He goes
everywhere with me.
#END_arrival-3 off we go.
{OK. So that was this part of
the story. So going again, we're
switching it up to a complex
scene.}
#START_by_the_lake It looks
like.
I looks like somebody.
going on vacation down there by
the lake.
having different types of fun
down there.
The water is blue.
Umm.
We have different type of color
colors on.
there are some people.
Some people point and watching
out for other people like
lifeguards. Yes, type of colors
on.
Some people playing volleyball.
Volleyball in the sand with
other people.
also.
People wearing
Baseball hats.
Some have striped shirts.
Some have plain.
Some people have a there's also
red and blue balls
On the tan sand.
and some people had this one guy
had has a net.
out by the rocks in the water.
There's also a couple guys in
canoes with orange hats.
And and the orange, like the
life jacket.
in canoes out there swimming. I
mean paddling the water.
It's also people in the water.
Playing that game.
Is all it was like divers with
mask on.
Sitting up in the water.
There's people on life
preservers out there.
In the water.
Waving.
There's also a kites being
flying in the air.
Umm.
Yeah. kites different kites
different. It's colorful.
seems like the wind is blowing.
There's a brown dog jumping in
the water.
Kids.
Making making sandcastles.
sand
Also they have different color
shovels.
Hmm.
They're making igloos and
castles. There's a man watching
over them
I see, I see some people on.
I see a lot of speedboats.
It's different colors. Some
people on ski doos or orange
life jackets.
Also see.
People walking on their hands.
#END_by_the_lake OK, having fun.
{ Alright, that was about 5
minutes. That was good. So here
comes a story. It's about 20
pages and pages. Can I get a
drink of water or no? Yeah, go
ahead, drink water with that
one. OK. Yes.}
{Alright, so go ahead and
describe what what is happening
and what you see.}
#START_journey I see.
A see through of apartment
Complex.
There's a mother in the kitchen
cooking.
Dad upstairs working or
searching on the computer.
There's a child outside looking
sad.
The scooter.
It's red.
I don't know if that's rich or
That's being stolen or or just
less that's the color of her.
Or.
Some type of
Scooter also see there.
There's coats pin there on the
coat rack with the hat and the,
I guess the entrance of the
Building.
There's also flowers. 2 pictures
on the wall
Different type of designs.
There's a stairwell 4 steps.
Plus there is a record player in
the desk.
There is.
Yes.
Has this person, this little
girl, sad in the bed
I don't know if she's on
punishment or.
The dresser in the room. There's
a cat on the floor with a paper
one window.
Pictures on the wall.
If you can.
One door versus a.
You can look out the window, you
can see other buildings.
There's four sides in this room.
OK.
This person has
This little this little girl has
this red marker.
Three pieces of paper.
I don't know how she found it,
but she's picking it up.
She's standing up.
On the lamp from the floor.
to the
Up from the floor up to up on
the wall. I guess it might be a
door.
She has a white shirt on. She
has short hair.
she has Short shorts on legs. I
guess you just through pieces of
paper. Little while. I guess
she's trying to
Find a way to escape.
Escape through this red door to
somewhere else.
I'll never go over there.
OK, so.
I see a
String.
2 green rocks.
Lot of trees. I think this is a
forest. A lot of lights.
two
Three or four lanterns.
This.
a lot of like human bugs
That look green.
Umm.
I see the girl with the red
marker in her hand moving over.
Lake. she's drawing again.
Guess she's drawing the red
boat.
Pretty good at it.
She made the red boat. Got off
the end of a dock.
This is good
Drawing now she inside the book
that she's leaving, going
somewhere I had no clue.
The girl in the red boat arrived
to
winding up to a castle.
Huge gigantic castle.
Pretty sure she never seen
nothing like this ever before
that I think she has.
different amazing different type
of
Adventures. There's different
type of amazing structures, just
stonewall and different type of
color.
There's also
And looked more like a castle
maker, king or Queen. Or it
might be a dragon here, water.
That is the river that runs
underneath the bridge.
Boats
The the girl in the rear boat
goes farther up
The river.
closer and closer to the castle
to get stuck.
I guess
by some type of authority I
guess they got check her or see
what's going on with her.
has orange and
orange stripe colors and green
I guess they're like
Patrol so we've got them waving
their hands.
Now she is coming past the
And the girl in the red boat
going past the rib
going past the patrol.
You see people, other people, in
boats using long sticks.
Different type of hats on.
Umm.
Umbrellas.
Well, the, the the the girl
And red.
The little girl in Red has a red
circle.
And using the red marker she's
she's like
Making aerobic circle for what?
I have no clue.
I guess I see people security
from the Castle yelling at her.
She escaped from a red balloon
using her red marker.
balloons red.
she was yelling back see what
the red marker in her hand
flying away in the blue
in the blue sky with the white
clouds.
Want to get away.
They're on the red balloon
She's leaning over the baloon
I think she sees a visitor. I
think she has a visitor in the
sky. She sees different type of
people in the sky.
I'm not one of the she's one of
their family.
You see other people too.
airplanes and stuff.
Different type of different type
of shapes and sizes and colors.
The lady
And with the red balloon
Is closer to
Another
dragon or dragon or bird in the
cage.
it's purple.
Somebody has some type of weapon
to it.
also see a big steam engine.
The lady in red.
The lady
From the red balloon with the
red marker runs inside the red
hot still engine.
With different type of suits and
gears.
also we're coming. We are
walking across. I see two people
walking across the bridge.
The lady with the red marker is
coming up to.
Also see
Bird in the golden cage.
Took two guards and silver with
weapons on the ladder.
There's also some time for
Dragon statue on top of it.
Ladders are white.
He was pointing down as people
inside the machine, trying to
come outside with Gray, with
different type of mechanics and
machinery.
The lady in red.
Gets to the end of the machine.
Couple of people comes out.
She sent down a marker going
cage just open.
That was the purple bird into
the sky night here
so now she's on
the elevator looking down.
Wow.
I don't know what's gonna be
coming her.
{Do you see the right side page
at all?}
OK.
Well, she gets.
She gets captured by some
guards. The Golden cage is open.
the guards have a funny hats and
funny shoes.
The guard dropped a red marker.
The lady is dropped in the cage.
The purple or compass with the
red marker saver.
He's coming to rescue his
savior, the red marker that's
going to help them both get out
of your predicament.
Hmm.
pretty cloudy.
can't wait to for the bird to
come and rescue her.
There's a
guess they escaped the cage.
The sunset.
Sunset dwindling down to become
night.
the suns
fastly approaching away.
different people out there.
shopping the sunsets.
Also different type of palm
trees.
Golden Brown.
Clouds in the sky.
See got a lady on the red
carpet
flying above the city
{One, there's only OK, yeah, you
can vote right now and then
we'll.}
I see the
nights, I see the night sky over
the mountain. Just different
type of colors as many of them.
The mountain is different shape
and size.
See
Purple bird, maybe a phoenix in
the sky.
Stars like in 24.
OK.
That's the lady.
Red marker.
Feed the bird.
A little, a little door. The
door and the bird, purple, and
it's flapping its wings.
For a lady with the red marker,
grab door.
let the bird
flew in.
Then right after she left, then.
Guess when she comes to the door
And it helps her out.
So.
Come up to the door guys help
her out. The purple girls hand
draws a circle
with the red marker.
Which is the then
The guy with the purple maker
draws a circle.
I guess the two circles were
for them to ride a bike
together.
Oh, they had a
#END_journey Red, Red, Red Wheel
on a purple wheel. I guess
they're going far away.
{OK, so another complex scene.
Go ahead and start when you're
ready.}
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
A lot of stuff going on in this
scene.
Well of
There's a lot of people in this
picture.
For animals like Cavemen with
different color animals.
Work house.
Just saw other type of work
stuff that's gonna hit you.
It's also.
Lights and trash cans.
Movie projector with big lights.
Also.
Also.
They also have
People were getting dressed up
on the movie set that were
makeup for Halloween.
And also.
Is also.
On on the stage, set and
UFO.
There's also things are green.
astronauts are orange
Orange and blue.
Directors.
escalator.
The rain tree.
There's also.
Pies pink pies.
People in restaurant has a pink
floor
OK.
Pink chairs
we got delicious
Different types of food there.
They also.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
If you will run around acting
like it goes.
#START_birthday_party_fun people
out in their backyard.
Turn this huge party on green
grass.
Just a lot of presents.
Lot of clown.
Well, a lot of clowns, a lot of
different people with balloons
and having fun.
I see people asking.
And I see people also with water
guns, people in pools.
see a mermaid.
Also see.
I also see
I heard that. I see that people
were also were dressed up like
witches and.
bus bus transit, bus people.
Over a long her playing tug of
war for a long rope
Also see.
People dressed up like
lions and tigers
More like the Wizard of Oz.
Hmm.
Wow.
Also see Knights.
Cops in patrol.
Also see people jumping up and
down with red and black on devil
shooting on black Batman suit.
Also see.
I'm also see I guys playing
#END_birthday_party_fun playing
blindfold.
{OK, so that was about 3
minutes, so move on to the next
one.}
{This is a story. Again, please
just go through the story. It's
about 20 pages.}
#START_return a guys just
sitting there working.
He sees a Red Hat. I mean, see a
red flight. Red kite.
He also sees the kite has a a
long red string
Down the stairs from his room.
downstairs anyway.
bathroom
OK.
It's going. It's going down the
stairs. It's going.
Seems like it's going to another
room.
Going downstairs.
Steps.
I didn't go in the other room
with the bedroom or sink is. It
went into
It went into a room with her kid
drawing on the wall.
with white shirt, blue pants and
black and with brown shoes on
with the red marker.
I see a red balloon.
there is a white a white door
open.
There's a door somebody fixed
it. It looks through
the guy.
There's lanterns
And orange everywhere is mine, I
mean.
There's a lot of bugs there.
There's blue in the background.
And the sky is blue in the
water.
There's a red ball after ball,
by the dock
I see a golden
Boat
with a red ball.
The one, I guess.
Yeah, yeah. Oh.
he's on top of the
boat.
The red ball was engine.
He's traveling with his boat
downstream.
Someone slip this out.
Moon in the sky.
Like a lot of.
Like there's a lot of animals
below the river.
lot of balconies.
When there's white, there's some
stars in the sky. Sky blue
purple.
I see three, four people.
Some guy runs up to the king.
He's probably wondering where
it's kids going.
The four people
I don't know if they are related
not he shows the kids at
different parts of the castle
some type of
Golden boat comes.
And they raced up the steps.
This is that on the step that
doesn't.
Lantern.
Some other people with funny
hats on.
OK.
King run down steps on the sword
or
Or a magical object.
it's orange.
I was holding on his hand.
He holds the
sword close to the opponent.
Just the opponent.
Faster than what this box
Known the.
Person.
Strange change made that.
The King show a weak and
defeated.
OK.
Yeah.
I guess so.
The person with the purple
marker drawing
A way to get out of it, or some
type of bird or something to fly
away.
Drawing the purple bird.
You should get only purple bird.
Also.
It's a big purple Griffin.
Has his hands out to the one
girls wearing crown.
The.
Brown shoes on.
OK.
The golden something happened.
The purple.
The feathers was coming out of
this animal.
for animal.
it's hanging.
In the boat in the sky, I guess
they fall out of the boat into
the ocean.
Half the boat in the ocean.
And they're trying to swim,
trying rose gills like fish.
OK, I guess it.
drew a Circle, walrus, some type
of purple line or maybe a fish.
Or something like that.
OK.
How to draw someone this is red
submarine bubbles underneath the
water.
OK.
Hmm.
OK, I see. OK, you said go
ahead. OK, I guess they get to
OK. I guess they made it to the
submarine.
They come out of the submarine.
There's a purple phoenix.
Into a cave.
They're going to go. They're
going to go explore.
Now.
They're going to, they're coming
to the end. They can just be
coming to the destination.
because the purple
Seeing where he was.
We will.
We're going up with the small
door, small door, entrance way
OK.
So the girl says go up. But
anyway, they go up.
And they're looking to see this.
They're going up and there's
this knows that it's far up.
The higher they go.
Purple bird watching, too.
So I guess they're on their way.
Explore The Cave that's a long
pictures on the wall.
Yeah, so there's different type
of paintings on the wall.
Close to light house.
Viking.
So there's a bird in the cage.
I guess the bird didn't catch
and now he's being harassed or
something like that.
Guess I'll know we're gonna
attack or what?
I guess, um.
Now
When the guy in the armor shoot
come chasing the bird in the
cage, he gets trapped inside of
the cage.
Hmm.
And when he's inside of the
door, slam shut.
No more.
OK.
Umm.
There was a kind of a bird or
some type of phoenix and some
rear land. Maybe they can get
transported back.
Yeah.
Being unfaithful.
They they they come back.
As soon as they come out of
book, they see somebody in the
cage. I guess they opened the
book and maybe.
Something came out to help him.
See butterflies.
guess come out of The Cave small
door.
cave is Brown and just little
Lady gave her dad a hug.
King's Original King is watching
them with crayons on their head.
Purple
bird
Doors closing.
Small little doors closing to
that wall.
Getting dark, I guess. close,
maybe down the steps we go.
There's the kite. The kite goes
out of the small door.
Down the stairs, down the house.
#END_return Who's holding that
kite. Who knows?